Yussef Saleh

This is an Over the course of the semester, building a Roguelike game using ASCII graphics. Two iconic modern
examples of such games are Angband and NetHack. 

* Use make to build the game. Then run the game by ./rlg327
* Key(s) : Action

 7 or y : Attempt to move PC one cell to the upper left.

 8 or k : Attempt to move PC one cell up.

 9 or u : Attempt to move PC one cell to the upper right.

 6 or l : Attempt to move PC one cell to the right.

 3 or n : Attempt to move PC one cell to the lower right.

 2 or j : Attempt to move PC one cell down.

 1 or b : Attempt to move PC one cell to the lower left.

 4 or h : Attempt to move PC one cell to the left.

 >      :  Attempt to go down stairs. Works only if standing on down staircase.

 <      : Attempt to go up stairs. Works only if standing on up staircase.

 5 or space : Rest for a turn. NPCs still move.

m       : Display a list of monsters in the dungeon, with their symbol and position relativeto the PC (e.g.: “c, 2 north and 14 west”).

up arrow: When displaying monster list, if entire list does not fit in screen and not currentlyat top of list, scroll list up.

down arrow: When displaying monster list, if entire list does not fit in screen and not currentlyat bottom of list, scroll list down.

escape  : When displaying monster list, return to character control.

Q       : Quit the game.

* Command : Meaning

w : Wear an item.  Prompts the user for a carry slot.  If an item of that type is already equipped, items are swapped.

t : Take off an item. Prompts for equipment slot. Item goes to an open carry slot.

d : Drop an item. Prompts user for carry slot. Item goes to floor.

x : Expunge an item from the game. Prompts the user for a carry slot. Item is perma-nently removed from the .

i : List PC inventory.

e : List PC equipment.
I : Inspect an item. Prompts user for a carry slot. Item’sdescriptionis displayed.

L : Look at a monster. Enter a targeting mode similar to the controlled teleport in 1.06.Select a visible monster withtor abort with escape
    (there is no random).  Whena monster is selected, display its description (and other information, if you like).Escape will 
    return back to normal input processing.

    Enjoy